Just like the fact that this whole thing
works, it's kind of mind-blowing.
[laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Like you you build this like
loosely brain inspired thing that has
very general purpose learning algorithm.
You feed it data and it somehow gets it
and gets it way better than anything
we've ever had before. And this applies
to robots and it applies to vision and
language and sound and all kinds of
other things. And like I think if you
stop for a second and just think about
it how it works and and that it works,
it's [music] just like absolutely
mind-blowing.
[music]
In this episode, we sit down with Carol
and Toby of Physical Intelligence, a
company building foundation models for
robotics. Carol and Toby explain why the
classical approach of breaking robotics
down into perception, planning, and
control was fundamentally wrong, and how
endto-end learning with reinforcement
learning is finally making deployment
possible. You'll hear how they achieved
robust real world performance, getting
robots to make coffee for 13 hours
straight, and how these models
generalize across radically different
tasks from surgical robots to drone
flying in ways that we don't fully
understand. We also talk about the
technical insights behind Pi Star 0.6,
which is physical intelligence's newest
model that learns from experience using
reinforcement learning. Enjoy the show.
>> Carl, Toby, thank you so much for
joining us here today.
>> Thank you for having us. excited to talk
everything physical intelligence,
general robotics, etc. Uh maybe before
we get into it, just for our audience,
can you share a little bit about what
physical intelligence is and the mission
that you're after?
>> Yeah, so at physical intelligence, we
are building robotic foundation models.
These are models that in principle
should have should be able to have any
robot do any task. Um, and over the past
one and a half years or so, we started
building the we we we created the right
building blocks that show how these
models could scale. So, we've shown that
they're able to control many different
robotic form factors, many different
types of robots. We've also shown that
they're able to generalize, so you can
bring it to completely new environments
and what it takes for them to
generalize. And this this last release
that we just had called Pi Star06 that
we also wanted to tell you more about um
shows how we can get them to uh good
performance so that they're starting to
become deployable.
>> And this is really important to us
because we want to see this technology
actually deployed in the real world but
also because we don't have the benefit
of having the the free data on the
internet. There is no data of robot
actions. So we need to create the data
sets ourselves.
>> So we are after the the problem of
physical intelligence, after the problem
of creating foundation models for
robots. Uh and we've made quite a lot of
progress.
>> Wonderful. And can I ask why the
decision to build foundation models as
opposed to you know there are companies
that are building fully vertically
integrated robotic products right now.
Uh you you know this the Sunday launch
last month is in the back of my head.
You can buy a cute little robot helper
for your household. There's companies
working on cooking robots. There's
obviously the humanoid companies. Um why
build a foundation model versus build
build a robot yourselves?
>> Yeah. So I think if you look at the
history of robotics, it's very very
clear to me and I think to many
roboticists that we've been always
bottlenecked on intelligence.
>> We've had robots that are capable of
doing incredible things whether it's in
the home or in industrial settings.
We've seen robots more than a decade ago
that if TA operated they can clean the
entire house
and the the the really important caveat
is if operated. So if there is a human
mind behind it, it's clear that the
hardware is capable of doing lots of
different things. And for a very long
time, robotics companies have been
structured the way you described where
you kind of think of creating a specific
robot that's designed to do just a
single task or a single application.
And instead what we thought would be
would really help the field is to focus
on the bottleneck on the intelligence.
So we created a company to focus on that
bottleneck because we think that this is
if we if we address that bottleneck, we
can actually make robots happen. And if
you do it any other way, you're
basically not making as much progress on
the bottleneck as you could be.
>> So we thought we would just target this
problem headon. Focus on the
intelligence and if we can do that, that
would lead to many different vertical
products. it will lead to, you know,
robots being deployed in the home in in
industrial settings basically anywhere.
>> Can I just pressure that, test that a
little bit? Um, so on the hardware side,
like I've seen the latest videos, for
example, of the the Optimus hand. It
it's like it's exquisite. It's a it's a
piece of art. Um, and I hadn't seen the
videos of people, you know, teleoperated
robots cleaning houses 10 years ago, but
I'm wondering if there's a set of tasks
that's, you know, maybe now just on the
cusp of becoming possible. for example,
cooking or like being able to, you know,
peel and dice an onion that like you
couldn't have done with with hardware
prior to where we currently are. So, how
much of a why now do you think hardware
is or isn't?
>> So, there's a lot of progress in
hardware
>> um especially in humanoid hardware
>> like dextrous hands for instance, as you
mentioned, they're
>> that I think they're much better now
than they were even few years ago.
>> Yeah.
>> Um but that still doesn't address the
bottleneck. We could have had robots
operating, you know, chopping vegetables
or doing cooking even with simple
grippers before. The problem is that we
don't have the intelligence to operate
these robots.
>> And the more complex the hardware is,
um, it it doesn't really resolve that
bottleneck, right? Like it it allows you
to do more potentially,
>> but you're still bottlenecked by the
fundamental challenge of robots not
being intelligent enough.
>> I see. So hardware may raise the ceiling
on what you're able to do but like the
with the capability floor we're not even
there yet.
>> That's right. So even with simple robots
we are not yet at the level of a human
operator.
>> So the limit being the intelligence
layer. What's the limit to developing
the intelligence? Is that collecting
data? Is it doing it cheaply? Because
you know you've broken down the problem.
We're going to keep asking you why why
and just drill down further. So what's
the next layer of the okay what's the
bottleneck for solving intelligence
generalization?
>> It's a it's a good question. Um so we
thought about it in terms of three
factors. We refer to them as capability,
generalization and performance.
Um with capability our our idea was that
we want to get to the point where as
long as you can collect data for
something for a task or for a robot you
should have a model that should be able
to to replicate that to automate that
task. Mhm.
>> This is something that we've gotten to
fairly quickly. Um, this was our PI zero
release around a year ago or so,
>> showing that it's basically possible
that if you can collect data for any
task, for any robot, you should be able
to automate it and all should be able to
learn it. Um, the next challenge is
around generalization and this is still
an open challenge. So, we wanted to get
to the point where the robots can just
work zero shot and you can just bring
them to a new home for instance and they
should know how to operate in that home.
And this is a really really difficult
problem, right? Like if you if you put a
robot in a new home, it needs to
understand, you know, where different
items are, that the counters look
different, the lighting is different
that what you've seen in the past and so
on. And I wouldn't say that this problem
is solved, but I think we start to get a
handle on how to how to solve it and how
it scales. And the only answer to
generalization that we know in machine
learning is through diversity of data.
So if you see a lot of different diverse
data sets, you should be able to
generalize to to a setting that is
similar to the one you've seen. And this
is something that we've seen with our
PIO5 release in April of this year that
we we got to the point where we can
bring a robot to a new home that it's
never been to before and it's able to to
to operate in that home. It's not
perfect yet, but at least it has some
kind of common sense on, you know, how
to go about simple tasks like cleaning
up the kitchen and things like that. And
then the last challenge that is also not
fully solved yet is performance. So how
can we get these models to the point
where the performance is good enough so
we can actually deploy them
>> right and deployments here are really
really important because as I mentioned
before we also need to gather data and I
think that is going going to be the most
scalable way of collecting data because
you'll have robots out there in the
world doing economically valuable tasks
and that way that the cost of that data
collection is basically negative and the
more the more broadly you can deploy
this technology the more data you'll be
getting and I think in the limit that
will that will be the biggest source of
the data you can imagine much bigger
than internet data for instance
>> and how far away do you think we are
from generalization or from a
performance level that maybe it's a
controlled environment maybe it's a
general environment in homes or offices
but not the whole
>> whole world if you could limit that what
>> where do you think generalization
performance will will need to be before
we can deploy these kind of robots
>> I think we are actually fairly close to
deploy deploying these robots. We
started deploying them ourselves
already. We thought this was something
that was going to take something like 5
years to get to the point where the
technology is actually ready to deploy a
robot in a in a commercial setting and
have it do something valuable. But we've
done it I think two months ago or
something like that. Um, so I think
we're now getting to that threshold that
that the models are useful enough,
they're perform performant enough and
they can do enough of variety of tasks
to be actually useful. So that's a
really really exciting moment. Um, we I
think we just crossed that threshold.
Uh, I think it's still to be determined
how wide is the aperture of where we can
deploy. There are some tasks where the
failure can be really catastrophic.
Maybe these are not the best tasks to
deploy just yet. There are some tasks
that require a ton of generalization
like deploying in the homes or that are
you know have privacy concerns or safety
concerns and so on. Maybe these are not
the best places to deploy just yet but I
think there is that the aperture is
growing as we collect more data as these
models get better we can deploy them in
more and more settings. So uh I think
we're we're starting to get there.
>> Where is the current aperture that
you're deploying right now?
Um so we are actually this is this is a
really difficult question to answer
because with these foundation models
sometimes you don't fully know. Um so
kind of similarly to to how with uh
large language models um you know you
you train this model you kind of cook it
in house you try to make the best job
possible and then at the very end you
get this artifact and you can't really
predict how good the artifact is going
to be. you kind of have to test it and
that's where we are with these models as
well. So for instance, we open source
them so that we are not the only ones
testing it and we're not the bottleneck
in knowing what their capabilities are.
And by open sourcing them, we see them
being applied to actually many more
applications that we could have
imagined. Things like
driving or surgical robots or um
agriculture and and and places like
that. So I don't have a very good
estimate of what the aperture is. I
think it's wider than what I had
expected.
>> Mhm. And I think it's also will be it
will be growing over time. The more data
these models get, the more mature they
get. I think the aperture will continue
to grow. I would add maybe like on the
performance level like as you said the
aperture is is probably wider the
starting point is wider than we thought
but at the same time of course if you
actually want each of those starting
points that you start at for each of
those applications to be at a level
where people would want to use this as a
day-to-day driving you know their
businesses where there's probably still
quite a bit of hill climbing to do in
terms of performance right so we've with
this release that we're going to talk
about a little bit in a bit I guess the
pi star we've made progress on like
learning from experience data getting
that back and making the models better
when they are deployed um it's still for
a lot of things you that I can naively
imagine that there'd be lots of
scenarios where there's a really really
long tale of things that can go wrong or
that you can encounter that we we don't
yet have a great grasp on like how to
completely solve I would say as well
>> and you guys have been really great
about publishing your results uh with a
lot of transparency releasing open
source
Um, so whatever you're comfortable
sharing, can you can you talk about what
your overall technical architecture so
to speak is? And do you think that that
the architecture to kind of get to this
promised land is, you know, pretty much
baked and it'll be variations on the
theme of where we are and we just need
to collect a ton of data or do you think
that, you know, the architecture is
still still being figured out?
I would say so we can maybe start with
like a little bit discussing like where
we're at now and then we can like go
into the details of like how that might
change. So at the moment, you know, the
the architecture is very analogous to
how um you know, VLMs and are are built
that probably, you know, most of you
interact with on a day-to-day basis,
right? Type something in and put the
image in and ask it to read what's on
the image and and so on. And and we've
kind of like started from um the same
standpoint of you know there's a model
that's trained on internet scale data
and it's ingested um image data and text
and and we're adding all this robotics
data and our training actually
predominantly now is on robotics data on
data that we have collected ourselves.
We have a little bit of that internet
data in the mix but the majority of it
is robotics data. the architecture as
kind of this vision language model and
we add something on the side which is
what we call the action model the action
expert the the part of the model that
actually then has to drive the robot
right that basically looks at the image
and the instruction is getting and and
has to perform the task has to send um
commands to the robot and so broadly
it's like a transformer model that is a
a fairly large model up to like some
billion parameters at this point uh that
we is that we pre-train on our robotics
data and on on internet data. Um and uh
it is trained largely in initially from
human demonstration data. Carol
mentioned this earlier a little bit and
we we have this demonstration data
teleoperated data of humans trying to
get the robot to do stuff. So that's the
the architecture that looks like now and
like roughly the scaling um that we're
getting is from scaling our data and we
use models similar to what comes from
the VLM world. um how that might change
I think is an is an open question. I I
think there's lots of opportunities in
in adding more capabilities to these
models that we're also exploring. Right?
You can imagine that um you know you you
might want more context in these models.
You might want more um more more cameras
added to to the robots that the model
then needs to be able to uh to use. you
might want uh to have a better
understanding of the physical world in
the sense of you know understanding
exactly what's in the room, what can
break, what is easily movable and so on.
So there's lots to be done I think in
those capabilities and also changing the
architecture around and I I wouldn't be
surprised if in like five six years we
look back and we say oh you know maybe
the the backbone of the model that we
used at the time which currently is
comes from this VM land has changed
maybe we've moved on and we we use
something uh slightly different I think
that will evolve over time but I think
the the foundation of like the data and
how we bring it into the model will
probably stay stay like this.
>> Got it. And should I think about it as
it's pixels or signals in and then
actions out. Is that and like like a
single single big neural net?
>> It's one big model. Yeah. It's really
just basically images in text in uh text
out and and actions out at this point.
Yeah.
>> And are you I guess do you have a
separate kind of locomotion versus
manipulation stack? Maybe this this
might be a good time to talk about kind
of just the historical evolution in in
robotics and the various different waves
of learning uh and how it pertains to
your stack.
>> Yeah. So for a long time even before
learning arrived here, people thought
that robotics is one of these problems
where you can if you put enough people
on it, enough engineers, they can think
really hard about it and eventually
write the code that will you know have
the robot do anything in the world. Um
and you know people have tried really
really hard to do it this way and then
it turned out that the world is just way
too complex.
>> Yep.
>> Right. Like you can't just write every
single every single case you'll
encounter in the real world.
>> So that doesn't work
>> and and also as we were you know trying
to work on on that version of the
problem what ended up happening is
people did what they usually do. They
try to break down this problem into
smaller sub problems. So like rather
than working on the full robotics
problem, you would say there's a
perception aspect of the problem,
there's a control aspect of the problem,
there's the planning part of the
problem. And this almost grew into
different communities.
>> There's a planning community, there's
controls community, there's they have
their own conferences, their own
problems and all of that.
>> Yeah.
>> So then as we realized that you know
it's not really possible to to handwrite
all of these rules,
>> people thought that uh we should learn
them. We should learn them from data
which is seems like a really good idea,
right? This is how we learn too. Um but
what ended up happening is that they
started learning each one of those
components these these bro broke down
components separate through learning
separately.
>> Yeah.
>> So you would have a perception layer
that is fully learned. Maybe you'll have
a control layer that is learned. Maybe
you'll have a planner that is learned.
>> And that showed some progress. It was
better than what we had before.
>> Yeah. But then turn out that breaking
down these pro this problem into these
subcomponents actually is the piece that
doesn't work
>> because you know when I try to you know
pick up this glass I don't think about
it in terms of perception and then
planning and then control I just I just
go for it I just pick up the glass and
it's just all very natural. So it turned
out that the that this pipeline approach
where you have these predefined
interfaces that like perception gives
you the position of the object and then
the planner gives you the trajectory and
the control executes it. Those
interfaces are the pieces that that
broke down. So everything that we
thought we knew how we work was always
wrong.
>> So then we then arrived to the next
stage of this where we said well maybe
just breaking down this problem was a
bad idea to begin with.
>> Yeah.
>> So let's just train the whole thing end
to end. Right. So we'll take whatever uh
uh the the the kind of the sensory
inputs as input to the network and we'll
have actions as the output. That's what
we refer to as the endto-end approach
where you try to go straight from pixels
to actions
>> and we'll we'll have the network figure
out or the learning algorithm figure out
how to split it into these different
components if it's even possible.
>> Yeah. Um, and then while we were doing
that, we figured that it actually
requires a ton of data to do this. And
often it breaks when it requires some
kind of common sense. And to gather that
common sense through first first person
action data sets is really, really hard
because you would need to experience
every single thing in the world to do
this.
>> Yeah. And that's where we stumbled upon
vision language action models where we
can use models that were pre-trained on
internet data that already have pretty
good understanding of how the world
works. Um, and we can utilize that
knowledge so that we don't need to
experience everything firsthand.
>> You can just add some action components
on top of it and have a common world
understanding and connect it to how to
actually perform things in the world.
>> I see.
>> And that's more or less where we're at
today.
>> I see. Um now at at physical
intelligence we figured few other
things. So how do you scale how do you
start to scale these models? How do you
get them to generalize? How do you get
them to perform much better? How do you
have them move much faster? How do you
get them to the point where you can
start deploying them? But I think
largely we're still in this in this era
of how do you bring some of the common
sense knowledge from the internet
pre-training? How do you make these
models very general so that they can
work on any robot and perform motions?
>> And can I ask for something like
reasoning, right? there's there's so
much stuff happening in the you know
reasoning side of the large language
model space. Do you get the benefits of
that uh in as part of your VA backbone?
Do you have reasoning kind of emerge as
a consequence of what you're doing as
you train these end to end? Or can I
think about you know some of the
benefits of what's happening in the LLM
world? Do they do they benefit you or
not? I mean I think definitely the molds
that we have today they are already
planning actions not just at a what is
the immediate action but kind of what is
the what are the next 50 things I I need
to do right so like the next 50 time
steps in in some sense it's a very short
horizon 50 steps means like a like a
second or or two right and it also
additionally kind of decomposes tasks
into subtasks in language space already
so um when you when we ask it oh clean
the kitchen the first subtask it might
uh pick out to do is like, oh, I have to
drive to the counter and then I have to
like blah blah blah blah pick up the the
glass, move the glass into the sink. Um,
so
>> it already has those aspects in in some
sense, right? So like it decomposes task
into subtask because it gives itself its
own subtask and it predicts like a
little bit of a horizon of how actions
go. So so some of it is already there. I
think um I think in the future there
will probably be more of it. I do
totally expect that um you know all the
advances on like RL training for
reasoning all these things will will
also make their way into robotics. Yeah.
>> Um and I think it's kind of interesting
to think about because it's it's maybe a
little different than than the RL for
math problems that people do for example
right because I think those are very
easy for easy for us humans to think of
as like textual problems right you think
through them in your head in like text.
Okay, if I change this formula this way,
I will get this outcome and so on. And I
think for the physical intelligence part
of it, it will probably be a bit more
than that, right? It's it's going to be
a little bit different when you try to
learn a new sport, for example, when I I
recently started to try to learn how to
play tennis. And you know, I don't think
through in my head of like I need to now
grab the racket, I need to move it here
and I need to do this swing. But it's
more like you think through the motion
itself, right? I you you think about
like how does your body move? How maybe
um maybe you plan in some sense
trajectories of objects around you in
your head. And so those things I think
we'll see come into the models more over
time.
>> Yeah, I I I suspect that over time.
Right now we're in a place where we
benefit quite a bit from vision language
models. I think it's it's very very
likely that that that's going to reverse
>> that a lot of the the shortcomings that
we see in LLMs today are kind of baked
in are because we are focused on on the
text problem on problems like math and
coding.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think robotics would will offer
this this new avenue
>> where you need to kind of rethink how
how to think about reasoning. reasoning
should probably happen in some kind of
abstract space where you know you can
reason a little bit in text, you can
reason a little bit in images, maybe you
can reason in trajectories or in know
all kinds of different spaces to arrive
at the answer. And robotics provides
this really nice test bed where um
you're grounded in the physical world.
Um there is not that much data yet. So
you kind of need to deal with some of
the the difficulties that come with
that. But I think it will provide for
for new findings that will then be
reapplied to to the LLM world.
>> Speaking about data, give us a sense of
I don't know how you measure the sort of
magnitude of data you've already
collected and how much you would like to
collect in the next year. Not I'm sure
more is better, but like what is the
magnitude we're talking about?
>> Yeah, data is um it's one of those
things that's actually fairly nuance.
It's not just a matter of quantity.
>> Yeah. uh quality obviously matters but
also things like diversity and even when
you think about the quality or diversity
of robot data these are not very
strictly defined terms um right like if
you if you go for the same tasks in like
10 different ways is this diverse data
or not or how do you compare it to the
diversity of the data if you go for like
10 different glasses
>> right
>> um so this is something that I don't
think we as a community fully understand
like how to uh characterize the data how
to describe describe diversity, how to
describe the quality of the data, how
how to make it very very rigorous. Um,
and we're also finding out that uh those
there are some aspects of the of the
data that really really matter. Like for
instance, if you want to get to a
certain performance on a task, you're
not going to get there by just
increasing the quantity of the data you
already have. uh we've been working on
these three different tasks for the pi
pi star6 release and we've noticed
fairly early on that if we just keep on
collecting more and more data the same
way that we've been collecting so far
the performance plateaus you're not
going to just keep on getting better. So
you need to find either new ways of
collecting it or you need to start
thinking about what kind of data will
result in better performance. And this
is where things like reinforcement
learning and and and things like this
can really can really really help.
>> Let's talk reinforcement learning and
let's talk pi pi star 0.6. Is the star a
nod to to to qstar or okay
>> effectively trying to get to like policy
star actually optimal
>> policy star. Okay. Wonderful. Can maybe
just say a word though on what you guys
are doing uh with pi star 0.6 and then
we can dive into what RL means for your
world.
>> Yeah, for sure. So I mean I think the
main if we want to contrast it to what
we talked about earlier the main
difference is that up to that point
basically all of the robotics
foundational model learning that that
we've done was basically demonstration
data um teleoperated going into the
model. The model is trained kind of like
just imitate that data, right? And now
with this new model pi star6, what we're
using is basically um RL from um
experience that the robot collects
itself by actually running a policy. So
we start with the initial policy is this
demonstration train policy and then you
deploy it. You try to actually have the
robot solve the task and then it
additionally uh gets kind of reward
signals given by humans and it can also
get correction. So where the human
intervenes and says oh actually you know
what this is not right let's let's do
this a little differently and that data
that process basically that data is
collected gets comes back in and the
model kind of uses that data to try and
figure out which of the data can I kind
of kind of like should I reinforce
should I do more of and which of I do
less of and uh and basically improve
itself over time basically that's kind
of the big distinction and having that
stream of real data coming in is kind of
the missing piece that Carol was talking
about that allows us to now escape this
plateau that we otherwise we were
finding we were kind of like
>> getting to.
>> Yeah. And I guess in my brain I I think
viral is you know you're hill climbing
on your reward signal. And so how do you
make sure you're how do you make sure
you're generalizing as you as you hill
climb on these specific tasks? The way
we're thinking about this for for this
specific kind of problem is like you
have this sort of general model and it
achieves some performance that isn't
isn't great. And now your first
goal actually isn't to further
generalize. You want to kind of solve
this specific task first, right? Like so
we deploy it and we have we've picked
like three four tasks. So it has to
generalize across tasks. Nonetheless,
the method has to generalize. But when
you're actually kind of deploying it and
trying to start this RL process, you
really care about let's make sure I nail
down this task and I kind of nail it
down in a way where I can um where I can
can solve it from many different
positions and I can deal with all the
long tail of failures that I that I will
encounter. Right? So in some sense the
the generalization and the performance
here may seem at odds when you look at
it from like oh wait but now you're like
just doing this one task but um but
really at the end of the day what what
we want to do is we have the same method
the same process that deploys to each of
these tasks and then kind of gets the
performance high and then we can have
all of that data across all of these
tasks and we bring that data back
basically right so in in in that sense
it's not actually at odds if that makes
sense. Yep, that makes sense. How much
of the RL are you doing? It sounds like
this is a this is an in real life RL.
Can you talk a little bit about the
approach to how much RL you're doing in
sim versus in real life?
>> Um, so we have taken a quite uh like
real world first approach as opposed to
uh using sim. We are exploring sim of
course uh as well as uh as a research
tool. But all the RL we've done for the
PI star 6 paper is actually on real
systems in the real world. And the
reason for that is that it's actually
really really hard to model again we can
we can get back to like long tail of
failures that you see when you when you
do deployments. I can give you a lot of
examples from the tasks that we've
actually looked at for this release
where there were failure modes that we
we saw that if you had just done done a
simulation of it you might not have seen
it. So to give you an example, um we
have this one task which is uh you have
to build a box, right? So this is an
actual deployment task where the goal is
um we build these little uh cardboard
boxes to put chocolate into such that uh
they can then be packaged up and and and
and sent out basically. So it's building
a chocolate box basically. Um, and
building this box, uh, initially, you
know, worked great and then there was
these new shipments of boxes coming in
and they come in as like a flattened
sheet of cardboard and then these
cardboards that came in in this new
shipment were kind of not perfectly
perforated. So, they were sticking
together, right? And then the robot
starts like grabbing them, puts them on
a table to to to try to build this box
and like has two boxes suddenly on the
table, right? And this is something that
wouldn't happen in sim if you had
written like a nice simulator that would
where you would just get individual
cardboards and like fold them. Um and so
now you have to deal with this problem,
right? And if you just learn everything
in sim and then try to deploy it, you
wouldn't encounter it. So we encounter
it and then our um kind of method can
kind of figure out that oh actually what
I need to do is I need to separate this
and I can I need to move that uh that
second piece back and and build the box
basically. And we see a lot of successes
for ARL being applied in sim and
transferred to the real world especially
in locomotion.
>> Yeah.
>> And we we haven't really seen that kind
of success in manipulation
>> for for these kind of methods.
>> And I think maybe one reason for that is
that with with locomotion with trying to
move around, it seems that the the
biggest part of the problem is modeling
your own body. So if you can figure out
how to model you yourself as a robot,
you're basically like almost there. So,
uh, you can do this modeling simulation
exercise once because you only can do
it, you only have to do it for you
yourself, for this one robot, and then
you're basically done. If you do it
really, really well, it should transfer.
>> With manipulation, however, the problem
is not how you move your own body, it's
how the world reacts to it. You're
actually changing the world around you.
>> It's not difficult to figure out how to
move your hand from A to B. It's
difficult to figure out how this affects
the objects you're interacting with. And
now the problem is no longer just
modeling your own robot. You have to
model the entire world, right? Like
every single object that you might be
interacting with, every single task you
can think of. And that's where we see
scaling problems.
>> And that's I think why we haven't seen
those kind of methods be as effective in
in in manipulation.
>> What was the headline of the results
from pi star 0.6? and you know where
where do you see the model get after RL
on the on the test that you cared about
and what do you think that means about
your overall training recipe going
forward?
>> Yeah, so I think for me the most
impressive thing honestly for me
personally to see was just have these
models run for hours at a time recover
from lots of different failures and and
basically just keep going and at the
same time do that at a at a at a rate
that is actually much better than the
initial model that we started with.
Right. So the headline figures were we
increased kind of throughput of the
policies by over 2x on on these three
tasks. So there's one task was this box
building task I already talked about.
One was the uh making uh coffee with an
actual kind of industrial scale espresso
machine and the other one uh was kind of
like folding laundry.
>> Y
>> um and so for each of them we managed to
like make the base policy that was
trained just from a demonstrations much
much faster. Um and also make it be able
to recover from failures much much
better. Um and so seeing that actually
in action when you you you sit there
right we have if you go to our website
you you can look at the videos u we have
the robot serve coffee for 13 hours in a
row or fold laundry for 4 hours things
like that um actually seeing that life
changes the way you think about these
models
>> you know changes the way at least I
think about um it actually being
realistic that we can deploy them that
that we and do it in a way where it's
not just a toy demo which is shown once
but is actually kind of doing the real
thing fully
>> and and and that's been really a
challenge in robotics that I don't think
many people are aware of. Yeah.
>> Like you know you see so many videos of
robots doing cool things and you know we
post these videos too there like there's
basically like anything you want robot
to do there's probably already a video
of a robot doing that.
>> Yeah.
>> Um but you know you can take as many
takes as you will as you want. you can
you can keep on recording until you get
the perfect shot. Um, and the problem
that I think everybody encounters is the
reliability of these models. How
performant they are, how fast they can
they can go about the task, how how for
how long you can actually deploy them
without failure.
>> And I think this is the biggest
bottleneck in terms of deploying these
models in the real world
>> because you know if you if if they break
every every other trial, they're not
really deployable,
>> right? And this is this is I think the
most important breakthrough for us with
this Py Star06 release that we can
actually start getting to a place where
they are deployable. Yeah.
>> Where we use these robots in our office
to serve us coffee or we can give them
to to people at PI to fold laundry in
their home or we can deploy them uh and
have them fold boxes for real and that
is really really exciting.
Should we think about what you guys are
doing with reinforcement learning as
primarily a you know a customer
deployment reliability
uh points then like you can now make
sure that you can you know go reliably
deploy the the coffee making model on a
customer site and it's it's going to be
fast enough it's it's not going to fail
over long time horizons. Um so it's it's
it's more of a customer deployment
innovations versus like a fundamental
kind of capability um innovation or is
it both? I think it's both. I think I
mean Carl, you said this a little bit
earlier. I think um to some extent the
robots that we really really want,
right? The robot that you want as home
which can do your laundry, do your
dishes, cook for you, drive around, and
also the robot that people want in these
smaller businesses, maybe solving a real
problem that they have that they don't
want to automate in a classical way
because it's too expensive, like
building a chocolate box. Those are
things where the robot has to be
reliable. has to be good and it has to
have the capability to do a new task
that it hasn't seen in initial training
stages. I think it's unrealistic for us
to assume that you know we can just
go with like more and more human data
collection go bigger bigger bigger we
will do that but there is always going
to be a limit to to how good and how
much data you can you can get and how
good the initial policy is going to be
so I think it is that what what you said
in terms of we if we want deployments we
need this but also I think increasingly
over the next years we will I expect we
will see that we will do these
deployments and that data will actually
become really valuable as a source for
pre-training, for making our models
better themselves. And we'll rely more
and more on autonomous data collection
is my prediction at least uh over the
next coming years to kind of build that
host of data that convex hull of all the
tasks that we want robots uh eventually
to do such that the models like ingests
this and and becomes good at at doing
them and interpolating
>> and I think of it as a new capability.
We haven't so far figured out how to
learn from your own experience or
there's been many attempts but I don't
think we've seen it done at scale
>> uh to like a very to to to the extent
that actually shows a convincing result
that allows you to deploy something.
>> Yeah.
>> And this is why this result was was
really really important to us. We wanted
to get to the point where they can learn
from their own experience.
>> Yeah. uh because you know similarly to
to to how we learn you know you can
learn a little bit from watching videos
and pract and and you know maybe
learning from others but at some point
you need to learn on the job.
>> You need to try the thing yourself. You
need to see how your actions impact what
you actually want to achieve.
>> Yeah.
>> And make your own conclusions and try to
learn that way.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think this is the first step
towards that.
>> You're reminding me of the uh do you
guys read the Rich Sutton age of
experience paper this year? I love I
thought it was very profound. Um, do you
think that this unlocks
kind of continual learning in robotics
for y'all? Will this be part of that?
>> It kind of depends what people mean by
continual learning. I think it's um,
it's definitely more continual than what
we've done in the past where, you know,
you have like a big pre-training mixture
and maybe like a post-training mixture
and you like, you know, you you you sit
down, you work really really hard and
then you come up with an artifact and
like that's it. Yeah.
>> Right. like the artifact is done and
there's not much you can do to change
it.
>> Now, this is a much more of a living
thing, right? Like we we start with a
process similar to this, but then you
deploy it and then it keeps on learning,
>> right? So, it's much more continual in
that sense that that it it tries new
things. It it tries to learn from its
own experience and it keeps on getting
better.
>> Yeah.
Now I I think there is still room to for
it to be much more continual
>> where it can acquire new skills that way
>> or it can be even much faster in doing
this.
>> Yeah.
>> Um it can probably reason throughout
this process. So I I think there's a
spectrum of like how much you can learn
on the job and this is really promising
because it shows that you can do it but
I think we can make it much much better.
>> Yeah, I would agree. I would say we're
at the very beginning of of this, right?
And it's not it's not it's definitely
not continuous learning in the classical
sense that people would have thought
about it of like data streams and then
the the whole thing turns and it just uh
ultimately leads leads all the way to I
don't know AGI or something like this
yet but you know it's it's a first step
I I would say we're moving in the right
direction there and there's lots more to
be done and I think I will say from even
from this release like I was personally
impressed and to some extent you know
shocked how good these models actually
are at picking up little things that you
put back into the data. I was surprised
that even with just like human
corrections for um there was one example
for uh for tamping when when we do so
tamping is a specific part of making an
espresso, right? You like put the the
beans and you have to tamp down the
>> the best part.
>> Yeah, the best part. [laughter] You have
to tamp down coffee before. So
>> there you go. See, I'm not a I'm not a
coffee expert.
>> It's a skill issue. going to get it just
right.
>> That's right. And so our robot in the
beginning like tammed way too hard
because uh it's just happened to be the
case that you know the initial human
demonstrations were just making sure
that you know let's make sure the coffee
grounds are flat so we can put it in. Um
and then the robot was like tamping
really hard and like almost lifting
itself off the table when we looked at
we're likeoo that's that's a bit much.
And so with just I don't know it was I
think 30 to 50 episodes there's a really
small range of corrections that humans
did and we feed that data back and the
model actually starts like being much
more gentle and doing the correct thing
and I was really surprised by that
because you you think you know this
model has been pre-trained on these
millions and millions of episodes and
now you're just doing a little
correction and that actually works. So
seeing that happen was was a thing that
I think is pointing towards this
continual learning part which I find
impressive. Can I ask though to and I'm
the thing I'm still hung up on is
generalizations. So, as I learn how to
tamp better, does that make me better at
folding boxes or not?
>> Uh, in this specific case, no. But the
mechanism is the same that you can also
employ to fix the, oh, I have two boxes
in front of me that are sort of stuck
together and I need to pull them apart,
right? Because you can get 30
corrections for the stamping part. You
get 30 corrections for the pulling boxes
apart.
>> Yeah.
>> Bit. You get 30 corrections for oh, you
know, this box wasn't like neatly folded
together. And all of this accumulates
together to then give you this more
generalized improvement, I would say.
>> Okay. So, it's a repeatable recipe, but
they don't necessarily cross
crosspollinate.
>> Yeah. I mean we I would expect that as
we scale this up, we might see also
things actually kind of transfer from
from A to B if there is motions that are
kind of similar across tasks. But at
this point, yeah, I would say it's more
like a repeated recipe.
>> Yeah.
>> And and yeah, we we see a lot of
generalization from pre-training where
you train on more and more tasks, more
and more data.
>> You see that it's much easier to onboard
any new task or you see tasks that
appear zero shot that you didn't expect
before. And this keeps on improving. we
uh we kick off a pre-training run at
certain cadence and every single time we
start seeing that the model keeps on
getting better because there's more data
being fed in there's more improvements
that we're making to the pre-training
process and so on and I also suspect
that as we have more and more of these
models deployed doing all kinds of
different tasks they also bring data
back in and I think one way where we
where I'm I'm quite certain where we'll
see more generalization is from that
process
>> that as you deploy these models the the
the data comes back, the models get
better, you can deploy them more, then
the the models get better, you can
deploy them more and so on.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think maybe it's worthwhile for
this point that you brought up. We
haven't really talked about one like
[clears throat] crucial detail aspect of
this pie recipe, which is that the model
has kind of two parts. One is the policy
that is trying to like improve, right,
via corrections and and RL feedback. And
the other part is how do you actually
get this RL feedback, right? So we've
talked a little bit I've mentioned like
you know humans might correct and that's
the human correction part and the RL
feedback part is is a little different
and it's kind of in already has some of
these aspects of of generalization that
I think you're you you're like trying to
search for which is that the way we do
this is we we first basically get humans
to uh to to tell us basically whether a
specific attempt of making the coffee or
doing the box was uh successful or not.
So there will be like human labels
provided with these episodes and then we
train something which is called a value
function to try and predict basically
from my given point of where I am in my
in the task will I likely be succeeding
or failing basically. And this value
function is then used as kind of a
baseline to to decide whether for this
data point should I like bump that up or
should I bump that down depending on
whether I expect that I will be uh
moving towards success or or I'm more
likely to move towards failure. And one
thing that we saw when we trained these
value functions. So those are trained
basically from the same kind of backbone
on the same kind of model but they're
pre-trained before the actual policy is
trained that that actually runs the
task. When we trained these value
functions, we see that um adding more
data from different tasks actually helps
there and the model starts being
actually really quite good at at least
for for certain tasks at knowing when it
will fail beforehand and before it is
obvious for me. For example, when I look
at a video of it trying to insert uh the
um
>> uh filter
>> the porter filter. Thank you. See, I'm
I'm I'm not good at making [laughter]
coffee and trying to insert a porter
filter into the the coffee machine. It
kind of knows that it doesn't quite have
the right angle before that happens. So
like 30 40 steps before that actually
happens, the value function kind of if
you look at the prediction drops and and
saying, "Oh, this this is not good in
this specific episode. So I I shouldn't
include this data."
>> Interesting.
>> And this gets better with more data and
more tasks.
>> And so this is an interesting
counterpoint to the the Karpathy like
slurping bits from a straw thing, right?
because you're not you're not waiting
for that final bits at the end. You're
you're actually getting a lot of signal
along the way.
>> I I think ARL is just like a such a vast
field and there's so many different
approaches to it and people often
associate ARL with something like a
policy gradient method or um you know
very specific on policy learning
approaches. And to mel is more of a
problem definition and there is many
many approaches that get around the
problem that you're referring to which
is that you know you only get the reward
at the very very end and it's not really
scalable for very long horizon tasks.
There are things like value functions.
There are things like temporal
difference learning that try to get
around this problem where you constantly
make predictions and you do it in a
sequential way.
>> And this is maybe another one of these
one of these things where I think
robotics can really help the the broader
AI community
>> because we don't have the advantage of
having a perfect language simulator
where you can run as many simulations as
you would like. Instead, you need to do
it in the real world. So you need to
make more efficient methods and
therefore we need to learn value
functions and things like this and I
think this will
>> these will be really valuable
everywhere.
>> Yeah. Can I push a little bit on I'd
love to understand you know internet
video seems like it's part of the recipe
but not a huge focus right now as I see
it like do you think that there's gold
left to be mined in internet video and
then if you look at what's happening in
video models right now uh world models
um
to what extent do you think that's going
to be a you know discontinuous jump in
model capabilities and you know an
important part of your your model uh
pipeline
>> yeah um I think maybe There are two
questions there. One is about the data
like how do you bootstrap yourself to
the point where you can start deploying.
Um and the other question is you know
what about what about video models and
kind of the world model aspects of it.
Um so on the data point I I think we are
now in this bootstrap phase where
basically anything goes like whatever
you you can figure out how to like add
to the model
>> to to to its benefit I think it's good
whether you can add sim whether you can
add human videos some kind of handheld
devices human tele operations I think it
kind of doesn't matter you just need to
figure out some way to bootstrap
yourself to the point where you can
deploy these models because I think in
the long term there's going to be this
bootstrap phase but then there's going
to going to be the deployment phase and
I think deployment phase will be will
provide much much more data than
anything you could do in the bootstrap
phase.
>> So we're in this kind of like weird spot
right now where we tried many different
things try to see what what sticks to
just get us to the deployment threshold.
>> I see.
>> And once you can deploy I think that
will vastly be be much greater than than
anything you can do uh before that. Um
so so that's also what we are sprinting
towards. That's why we want to start
deploying these models. That's why we
want to do this at you know with many
different tasks in in in many different
environments so that we can just have
this very uh powerful data engine. Um
now on the on the world modeling side of
things I think the world models and our
approaches are kind of targeting at the
same problem. the problem of
counterfactuals
>> of how do you or a credit assignment
problem, right? Like how do you figure
out which actions were the ones that
actually matter for your success and how
would the world have evolved had you had
you taken a different action?
>> And one way you can do this is by
predicting what would have happened,
right? Like rolling out a full video of,
you know, if I if I put this porta
filter a little bit differently, you
know, where would I end up and would
this be a failure or a success? Or you
can do this through reinforcement
learning and it it does it through a
slightly different mechanism a little
bit more implicitly but it fundamentally
targets a very similar problem.
>> Uh we are exploring all of those
approaches and try to see you know how
to how to really solve the
counterfactual problem.
>> Um I don't think there is a an answer
yet. Uh but we see we see a lot of
progress with with reinforcement
learning that we that we've just shown
with with pi star with pi star6. But I
think there is probably room for for
many many other approaches too.
>> Awesome. Can we talk about once you guys
get past that bootstrap phase? Let's
talk about customer deployments a little
bit. What do you bring to a customer?
What do you sell them? And then um how
do you imagine that's going to evolve
over time? Like are you selling them a
fully vertically integrated robotic
solution? Are you selling them a model
that they have to figure out how to
integrate into their operations? Like
how does this all work?
>> Uh the the the real answer is we don't
know yet.
>> Yeah. [laughter] Um, we we are still
figuring that out.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, we are still quite early in in the
technology as you can as you can tell.
We are just starting to to even get to
the threshold where we can start
deploying these things. Um, so we
believe we should focus on the on the
technology first to figure out how to
get it to the point where it's actually
easy to deploy
>> and expand this aperture that we're
talking about initially.
And robotics the history of of robotics
startups is is very often gets to this
point where you develop a technology for
for some period of time. You started
with this grand vision of what it should
be able to enable, how general purpose
it will be and as soon as you pick an
application that you want to apply it
to, you're kind of stuck. You start
cutting corners. You start uh figuring
out very special purpose solutions just
for this application. and very quickly
you become you know an application
company that just focuses on let's say
warehouse pick and place robots and
that's it. Uh and we really want to
avoid that future. We think we have a
chance to really solve physical
intelligence
>> and the the benefits of doing this will
far outweigh any single applications
that we can focus on now. So we want to
make sure that the technology is as
general as possible, as easily
deployable as possible. This aperture is
as wide as possible and and then we'll
start figuring out how to commercialize
it. And as you said, there could be many
different ways of doing this. Uh there's
probably ways that we can't think of
just yet because they will depend on how
the technology goes. Uh whether it's an
uh whether you can be a model provider,
fully vertical solution or you sell
robots or or whatever else. But I think
it's a little too premature to answer
this question. It will give you a lot of
comfort, you know, just to like pick one
of us.
>> Give Alfred a lot of comfort.
>> Yeah, Alfred will be happy with us. But
I think it's just too early.
>> No, you guys have a grand grand vision.
So, thank you for working on physical
intelligence. It's a it's a wonderful
wonderful improvement just for Pi
Star06. It's just a huge um sort of
breakthrough and so congratulations on
all the success you've had.
>> Thank you.
Can I follow up with a spicy question?
>> Sure.
>> So, as you said, this vision is so
grand, so broad, you're doing all these
different things.
I'm I'm sure you've you've studied all
previous robotics like um efforts and
they've largely as you said applied an
application to an application and they
get narrower and narrower
and one of the most successful cases of
a large application is self-driving and
Whimo or Tesla have done enormously well
but if I had to go back in history you
know I learned about self-driving when
Sebastian through and was on the stage
of TED in I think 200 2009 2010 and he
talked about the thing where they won
the DARPER challenge that was 2007
and we're in 2025 and the thing barely
goes from San Francisco down here. They
kind of can do it now, but they take
local roads. They can't even get on the
freeway. If you do such a generalized
job, how long is the runway or the
timeline that you're thinking about to
build for generalization and
performance?
>> Yeah. So, there are some aspects of the
problem that make it easier than
self-driving and some that make it
harder.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, one thing that makes it easier is
that we don't need to deploy it only
when it's 100% reliable, right? There's
many many tasks out there that even if
you're at 95% reliability, you're
totally fine. If you have a robot in
your home folding your laundry and every
100 item, you know, it doesn't fold it
perfectly, you'll be totally fine.
>> You just call your your child to go fold
the
>> That's [laughter] right.
We still We still need chores.
>> Yeah,
>> exactly. Um and with self-driving,
that's not the case, right? Like if you
fail every hundth time catastrophically,
that's that's a big problem.
>> Yeah. Um so I think in terms of
deploying this technology it might be
easier. Now we also benefit from the
fact that this is a different era of
technology. We we are at the era of
vision language models of foundation
models that that have some some common
sense
>> and we learn a lot of lessons between
>> what was it 2009 and 2025 and we can
benefit from all of those. Um so I think
that also really really helps and these
are much more general purpose solutions
than what we had in the past. Um at the
same time there are some things that
will be very challenging right like
there isn't just a single application.
This is a very general purpose solution
that can be applied to driving but also
to manipulation and locomotion and
flying and all kinds of other things.
And I think it's to be seen how much
harder this is. So far, based on what
we've experienced, it doesn't seem to be
that much harder to be honest. It seems
that if you if you tackle
this with with a very general purpose
kind of mindset from the get-go, it
turns out that it can generalize fairly
well. And there is something about
physical intelligence that we don't
fully understand that allows these
models to generalize between driving and
making coffee and flying a drone and
operating a surgical robot. even though
they seem so far apart from each other
and it seems that these should be all
different models and different
applications, these models somehow can
make sense out of all of that data. And
that gives me a lot of hope that maybe
the problem is not that much harder and
it might be actually easier. Um, so I
think it's a fair question, but I also
don't want to draw the wrong conclusions
from what we've seen from from
self-driving.
>> That's beautiful. Congratulations. What
result is impressed you the most outside
of results you think? That's a great
question.
>> Yeah, it's a good question actually.
>> I can start. I've been I've been really
impressed by the video models what you
mentioned earlier. I saw them few years
ago. I worked on on aspects of them few
years ago
>> and I didn't expect this trajectory to
be the improvement to be so steep like
they're basically indistinguishable
right now from reality and they can do
incredible things. Um so that's been
really really impressive and really
surprising to me. Yeah, I would say I'm
still in awe to some extent that we've
gotten to this place where we do seem to
get models that do seem generally
intelligent to a level that I really
didn't foresee coming out of uh out of
just next token prediction. I'm I'm
still amazed with this and like every
little advance that I see, you know,
winning IMO mass challenges or um you
know, applying it to finding new stuff
in science to me. Yeah, there are so
many things this year where I thought
like, wow, there's still there's still a
lot of progress to be made even though
it felt like at the beginning of the
year maybe this whole pre-training
business of LLMs is kind of maybe uh
petering out a bit. Um yeah, realizing
that there's like this whole almost
second breath of uh yeah, fresh air
basically coming in.
>> Yeah, I would maybe add to this just
like the fact that this whole thing
works, it's kind of mind-blowing.
[laughter]
>> Yeah, I don't think we like fully
realize how ridiculous this is, right?
like you you build this like loosely
brain inspired thing that has very
general purpose learning algorithm. You
feed it data and it somehow gets it and
gets it way better than anything we've
ever had before. And this applies to
robots and it applies to vision and
language and sound and all kinds of
other things. And like I think if you
stop for a second and just think about
it how it works and and that it works,
it's just like absolutely mind-blowing.
Like the fact that we can have robots,
you can put it in a home and it kind of
knows what to do in a home that it's
never been to before
>> or it can make coffee for 13 hours
straight or, you know, things like that.
And this is from this very general
purpose
thing that that trains fully end to end
that we don't fully understand, but it
seems to start to get it. That to me is
just
>> mind-blowing.
>> We're in a simulation. [laughter]
It's what that's what Sonia believes
that that we're living in a simulation.
But it is interesting, right? Like in
science, they teach you to take a big
problem and break it up into smaller and
smaller problems. And then basically
somebody realized that that's maybe not
the best way to train
machines or robots of any kind.
>> And to be honest, the whole machine
learning like AI field made that same
mistake actually to some extent, right?
We were working for a long time, people
were working on solving individual
problems very deeply basically, right?
And then over time there is this like
notion of oh if we can put it all
together like do multitask learning if
we could do that really really well we
do much better and then but then the
fact that that all happened just because
we switched to this you know general
pre-training objective and then it just
all falls out that's the part that is is
the surprising bit right
>> do you think it's like an accordion
where we go from one framework to the
other framework we take big problems
break them up into smaller smaller and
smaller ones that work for a period of
time then it stopped working and and
we're like, "All right, let's go back to
the big problem and try to solve it more
generally and go back and forth."
>> I don't see us going back.
>> Yeah, I don't see us going back. I think
there's a lot of approaches or a lot of
people saying that, you know, you need
the best of both worlds and you need
some kind of way of incorporating the
rules that we already know about like,
you know, Newtonian physics. You don't
need to learn that. We already know how
it works. So, can you just like put it
somehow into the weights? But, uh, from
what we've seen so far, it it doesn't
work. If you try to do this, you kind of
limit the ability to to learn new
things. And I don't think there's the
best of both worlds. I think we just go
all the way learning. And it's kind of
interesting to, you know, how similarly
to how we learn. You would think that if
there was a way to pre-bake all of the
intelligence, the evolution would have
figured this out. You would have just
been born, you know, knowing everything
there is to know. And we see this with
some other species, right? Like I think
deer when they when they get born
they're basically like as smart as they
will ever be. Like they don't really
learn much throughout their lifetime.
But for intelligent species like like
humans but also I think crows for
instance they have these childhood
periods the adolescence period where
they're not very smart to begin with but
they have to learn from their own
experience and it doesn't come
pre-baked. You kind of have to earn it
on your own. And um I think there is
something something to that. Um you need
to just experience the world and and
learn from that. And I think that's the
lesson we're learning in in machine
learning as well in AI that you know we
we think we know how we think but we
actually don't. And we just need to let
the algorithm learn it from data.
>> Same thing with raising a child. We I
think I know how my son is thinking but
I don't.
>> Yeah. [laughter] Yeah. I have a I have a
a small daughter and yeah, it's just so
surprising like
>> they learn so fast.
>> They learn so fast and you don't know
where they get it from.
>> Hopefully from the parents.
>> Hopefully. [laughter]
>> She definitely knows some things that
they didn't teach her. [snorts]
>> Thank you guys so much.
>> It's a really beautiful mission you're
building after. Thank you for coming to
share.
>> Thank you. Thanks for having us. Thanks
for having us.
[music]
>> [music]